cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givencannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givencannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givencannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectunsupported operand type(s) for +: 'NoneType' and 'NoneType'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectunsupported operand type(s) for +: 'NoneType' and 'NoneType'unsupported operand type(s) for +: 'NoneType' and 'NoneType'unsupported operand type(s) for +: 'NoneType' and 'NoneType'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectunsupported operand type(s) for +: 'NoneType' and 'NoneType'unsupported operand type(s) for +: 'NoneType' and 'NoneType'unsupported operand type(s) for +: 'NoneType' and 'NoneType'unsupported operand type(s) for +: 'NoneType' and 'NoneType'unsupported operand type(s) for +: 'NoneType' and 'NoneType'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectunsupported operand type(s) for +: 'NoneType' and 'NoneType'unsupported operand type(s) for +: 'NoneType' and 'NoneType'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givencannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givencannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givencannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givencannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givencannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givencannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givencannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givencannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givencannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givencannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givencannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givenimage_to_base64() takes 1 positional argument but 2 were givencannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectWorking outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectWorking outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectWorking outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectWorking outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.Working outside of request context.

This typically means that you attempted to use functionality that needed
an active HTTP request.  Consult the documentation on testing for
information about how to avoid this problem.cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectHTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d1431c040>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d1431c1c0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d14310e20>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d142f5be0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d0869b4f0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectHTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d08685490>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d086a4c70>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d086a4c70>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d086a8430>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d142f5e80>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d9a2a4a60>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d086805b0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d1431c9a0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d1430f520>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d1431cb20>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d086803a0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d14310ca0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d142f5040>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d0869b2e0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d086854c0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d086a4940>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d086a4a00>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d08685b50>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d142f5e20>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d14310dc0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d08680550>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d1431c9a0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d1430fc40>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d1431c520>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d086801c0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d14310340>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d142f50a0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d0869b130>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d08685670>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d086a4610>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d086a4310>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d08685490>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d142f5880>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d14310040>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d08680b20>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d1430f040>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d1431c9a0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d1431cbe0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d086803d0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d14310580>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d142f51c0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d0869b2e0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d08685550>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d086a4bb0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectHTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d086a4a60>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d08685400>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))HTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f6d142f50a0>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'tzinfo'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime''str' object has no attribute 'strftime'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''datetime.timedelta' object has no attribute 'strftime''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializablecannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializablecannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializable'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializablecannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializableObject of type timedelta is not JSON serializablecannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectHTTPConnectionPool(host='0.0.0.0', port=8889): Max retries exceeded with url: /recognition_frame/ (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x7f2ac82c0580>: Failed to establish a new connection: [Errno 111] Connection refused'))cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape''NoneType' object has no attribute 'shape'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'working''working''working''working'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'working''working''working''working'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType objectcannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object'working''working''working''working'cannot unpack non-iterable NoneType object